README.md, before:

# Game of Thrones Hacking CTF (coming soon)

> This is game-challenge to measure your hacking skills. Set in Game of Thrones fantasy world.

![Banner]

**Goal**:

Get the 7 kingdom flags and the 4 extra content flags (3 secret flags + final battle flag). There are 11 in total.

**Rules/guidelines to play**:

 - Start your conquer of the seven kingdoms
 - You'll need hacking skills, no Game of Thrones knowledge is required. But if you play, it may contains spoilers of the TV series
 - Difficulty of the CTF: Medium-High
 - Don't forget to take your map (try to find it). It will guide you about the natural flag order to follow
 - Listen CAREFULLY to the hints
 - Powerful fail2ban spells were cast everywhere. Bruteforce is not an option for this CTF (2 minutes ban penalty)
 - The flags are 32 chars strings. Keep'em all! you'll need them

**Requirements/starting guide**:

 - Import the Linux based CTF challenge virtual machine (OVA file)
 - OVA file is compatible with Oracle Virtualbox and Vmware
 - The challenge vm needs 1 cpu and 1512mb RAM to work properly
 - The challenge vm has its network configured by default as bridge. It will take an IP from the DHCP of your network

**Downloading challenge CTF vm**:

 - _Download links coming soon_

**Troubleshooting**

 - Vmware:
   - If you get a warning/error importing machine, press "Retry" and it will be imported flawlessly
 - Oracle Virtualbox
   - It's recommended to use "Import Appliance" menu option instead of double click on OVA file
   - If you get an error regarding network, just select your network interface
 

### Good luck, the old gods and the new will protect you!

--------------------------------------
	 _____                      ___    _____ _                       
	|   __|___ _____ ___    ___|  _|  |_   _| |_ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ 
	|  |  | .'|     | -_|  | . |  _|    | | |   |  _| . |   | -_|_ -|
	|_____|__,|_|_|_|___|  |___|_|      |_| |_|_|_| |___|_|_|___|___|
--------------------------------------

**Designed by/Credits**

 - Óscar Alfonso ([OscarAkaElvis] or [v1s1t0r])
 - Contact: [v1s1t0r.1s.h3r3@gmail.com]
 - Thanks to the beta testers, specially to j0n3, Kal3l and masAcre
 - Version 1.0 (September 2017)


[Banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OscarAkaElvis/game-of-thrones-hacking-ctf/master/imgs/ctf-banner.png "Game of Thrones CTF"

[OscarAkaElvis]: https://github.com/OscarAkaElvis
[v1s1t0r]: https://github.com/v1s1t0r1sh3r3

Commit message:

Added screenshots to README.md

README.md, after:

# Game of Thrones Hacking CTF (coming soon)

> This is a challenge-game to measure your hacking skills. Set in Game of Thrones fantasy world.

![Banner]

**Goal**:

Get the 7 kingdom flags and the 4 extra content flags (3 secret flags + final battle flag). There are 11 in total.

**Rules/guidelines to play**:

 - Start your conquer of the seven kingdoms
 - You'll need hacking skills, no Game of Thrones knowledge is required. But if you play, it may contains spoilers of the TV series
 - Difficulty of the CTF: Medium-High
 - Don't forget to take your map (try to find it). It will guide you about the natural flag order to follow over the kingdoms
 - Listen CAREFULLY to the hints. If you are stuck, read the hints again!
 - Powerful fail2ban spells were cast everywhere. Bruteforce is not an option for this CTF (2 minutes ban penalty)
 - The flags are 32 chars strings. Keep'em all! you'll need them

**Requirements/starting guide**:

 - Import the Linux based CTF challenge virtual machine (OVA file)
 - OVA file is compatible with Oracle Virtualbox and Vmware
 - The challenge vm needs 1 cpu and 1512mb RAM to work properly
 - The challenge vm has its network configured by default as bridge. It will take an IP from the DHCP of your network

**Downloading challenge CTF vm**:

 - _Download links coming soon_

**Troubleshooting**

 - Vmware:
   - If you get a warning/error importing machine, press "Retry" and it will be imported flawlessly
 - Oracle Virtualbox
   - It's recommended to use "Import Appliance" menu option instead of double click on OVA file
   - If you get an error regarding network, just select your network interface
 

### Good luck, the old gods and the new will protect you!

--------------------------------------
	 _____                      ___    _____ _                       
	|   __|___ _____ ___    ___|  _|  |_   _| |_ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ 
	|  |  | .'|     | -_|  | . |  _|    | | |   |  _| . |   | -_|_ -|
	|_____|__,|_|_|_|___|  |___|_|      |_| |_|_|_| |___|_|_|___|___|
--------------------------------------

**Designed by/Credits**

 - Óscar Alfonso ([OscarAkaElvis] or [v1s1t0r])
 - Contact: [v1s1t0r.1s.h3r3@gmail.com]
 - Thanks to the beta testers, specially to j0n3, Kal3l and masAcre
 - Version 1.0 (September 2017)

**Screenshots**

![Screenshot1]

![Screenshot2]

[Banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OscarAkaElvis/game-of-thrones-hacking-ctf/master/imgs/ctf-banner.png "Game of Thrones CTF - Winter is coming!"
[Screenshot1]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OscarAkaElvis/game-of-thrones-hacking-ctf/master/imgs/ctf-screenshot1.png
[Screenshot2]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OscarAkaElvis/game-of-thrones-hacking-ctf/master/imgs/ctf-screenshot1.png

[OscarAkaElvis]: https://github.com/OscarAkaElvis
[v1s1t0r]: https://github.com/v1s1t0r1sh3r3
